split KillUnusedSegmentsTask to processing in smaller chunks (#14642)
apache/druid: docs/data-management/delete.md

    "id": <task_id>,
    "dataSource": <task_datasource>,
    "interval" : <all_unused_segments_in_this_interval_will_die!>,
    "context": <task context>,

>     "batchSize": <optional batch size, default is 100. Too large will affect overlord stability.>

Reviewer: can you add that the reason is due to the locking

Author: fixed in d3d5a71ddf41dd258a7721b8bd1893b25e83cd11

    "dataSource": <task_datasource>,
    "interval" : <all_unused_segments_in_this_interval_will_die!>,
    "context": <task context>,
    "batchSize": <optional_batch size>
}
```

> Special parameter explanations:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some of the parameters used in the task payload are further explained below:
```

| Parameter    |Default| Explanation                                                                                            |
|--------------|-------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | batchSize    |100    | Split Metadata and Segment storage into smaller batches for processing. The Tasks lockbox is locked during operation, preventing other segment operations. Splitting the task into batches allows the kill job to yield to other task lockbox operations.|

Reviewer 2: Rephrased to abstract out some of the Java-level implementation details which need not concern an admin or a user reading the docs.

```suggestion
| `batchSize`    |100    | Maximum number of segments that are deleted in one kill batch. Some operations on the Overlord may get stuck while a `kill` task is in progress due to concurrency constraints (such as in `TaskLockbox`). Thus, a `kill` task splits the list of unused segments to be deleted into smaller batches to yield the Overlord resources intermittently to other task operations.|
```
